Delivering dynamic presentations, liaising with cross-functional internal teams, and cultivating strong customer
relationships are all essential components for a successful Digital Accounts Manager. As an executive with more
than 3 years of such experience, I am confident that I would vitally contribute to the success of your company
as your next Key Account Manager.

My background consists of numerous achievements in the world of sales and marketing. From prospecting
new clients and developing markets to analyzing account activities and coaching and managing teams, I excel
at directing all aspects of account management while continually generating new business opportunities.
Furthermore, I have regularly been selected over my peers to service large-scale, top-generating corporate
accounts in recognition of my outstanding customer service and relationship management talents.

I am a digital marketing professional with extensive experience building, maintaining, and running successful 
digital marketing campaigns. Bringing forth broad marketing knowledge, coupled with focused campaign experience. 
Adept at creating and implementing client-centered, successful campaigns, aimed at improving brand awareness and 
presence. Collaborative and creative team player accomplished at managing digital marketing presence content and 
experienced in leading teams of marketing professionals to meet and exceed digital marketing goals. 

I set and implement social media and communication campaigns to align with marketing strategies. I also
provide engaging text, image and video content for social media accounts and respond to comments and customer queries in a timely manner


*My Skills*

Social Media management
Content Creation
Media Buying 
Account management
Web Development

*My Services*
social media management

content Creation
web Development
----------------------------
social media management
toyota kenya
hino kenya
kenic

media Buying
partner group
toyota kenya
suzuki sold by toyota
yamaha kenya


website management
openairhomes
oa real estate

content Creation
kenic

webinars
kenic

social media campaigns
Hilux - jijenge na hilux
hino - jenga biashara
kenic -ikoke


